Connect from any cloud with AWS TGW (#3893)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/security/transit-gateway.md

To configure this secure connection, you:

1. Connect your infrastructure to AWS Transit Gateway.
1. Create a $CLOUD_LONG Peering $VPC with a peering connection to your AWS Transit Gateway.
1. Accept and configure the peering connection on your side.
1. Attach individual $SERVICE_SHORTs to the Peering $VPC.

Transit Gateway feature is available for Scale and Enterprise [pricing plans][pricing-plans].

> While AWS Transit Gateway enables you to connect from almost any environment, this page provides examples for the most common use cases. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS Transit Gateway enables you to connect from almost any environment, this page provides examples for the most common use cases. 
```

   Once your peering connection appears as `Processing`, you can accept and configure it in AWS:

    1. Accept the peering request coming from $CLOUD_LONG. The request can take up to 5 min to arrive. Within 5 more minutes after accepting, the peering should appear as `Connected` in $CONSOLE.

    1. Configure at least the following in yur AWS account networking:

        - Your subnet route table to route traffic to your Transit Gateway for the Peering VPC CIDRs.
        - Your Transit Gateway route table to route traffic to the newly created Transit Gateway peering attachment for the Peering VPC CIDRs.
        - Security groups to allow outbound TCP 5432.

1. **Attach a $CLOUD_LONG service to the Peering VPC In [$CONSOLE][console-services]**

    1. Select the $SERVICE_SHORT you want to connect to the Peering VPC.
    1. Click `Operations` > `Security` > `VPC`.
    1. Select the VPC, then click `Attach VPC`.

   You cannot attach a $SERVICE_LONG to multiple $CLOUD_LONG $VPCs at the same time.

</Procedure>

</Tab>

<Tab title="Microsoft Azure">

<Procedure>

1. **Connect your infrastructure to AWS Transit Gateway**

>     Establish connectivity between Azure and AWS. See [AWS architectural documentation][azure-aws] for details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Establish connectivity between Azure and AWS. See the [AWS architectural documentation][azure-aws] for details. 
```

   Once your peering connection appears as `Processing`, you can accept and configure it in AWS:

    1. Accept the peering request coming from $CLOUD_LONG. The request can take up to 5 min to arrive. Within 5 more minutes after accepting, the peering should appear as `Connected` in $CONSOLE.

    1. Configure at least the following in yur AWS account networking:

        - Your subnet route table to route traffic to your Transit Gateway for the Peering VPC CIDRs.
        - Your Transit Gateway route table to route traffic to the newly created Transit Gateway peering attachment for the Peering VPC CIDRs.
        - Security groups to allow outbound TCP 5432.

1. **Attach a $CLOUD_LONG service to the Peering VPC In [$CONSOLE][console-services]**

    1. Select the $SERVICE_SHORT you want to connect to the Peering VPC.
    1. Click `Operations` > `Security` > `VPC`.
    1. Select the VPC, then click `Attach VPC`.

   You cannot attach a $SERVICE_LONG to multiple $CLOUD_LONG $VPCs at the same time.

</Procedure>

</Tab>

<Tab title="Google Cloud Platform">

<Procedure>

1. **Connect your infrastructure to AWS Transit Gateway**

>     Establish connectivity between Google Cloud Platform and AWS. See the [official documentation][gcp-aws]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Establish connectivity between Google Cloud Platform and AWS. See [Connect HA VPN to AWS peer gateways][gcp-aws]. 
```

1. **Accept and configure peering connection in your AWS account**

   Once your peering connection appears as `Processing`, you can accept and configure it in AWS:

    1. Accept the peering request coming from $CLOUD_LONG. The request can take up to 5 min to arrive. Within 5 more minutes after accepting, the peering should appear as `Connected` in $CONSOLE.

    1. Configure at least the following in yur AWS account networking:

        - Your subnet route table to route traffic to your Transit Gateway for the Peering VPC CIDRs.
        - Your Transit Gateway route table to route traffic to the newly created Transit Gateway peering attachment for the Peering VPC CIDRs.
        - Security groups to allow outbound TCP 5432.

1. **Attach a $CLOUD_LONG service to the Peering VPC In [$CONSOLE][console-services]**

    1. Select the $SERVICE_SHORT you want to connect to the Peering VPC.
    1. Click `Operations` > `Security` > `VPC`.
    1. Select the VPC, then click `Attach VPC`.

   You cannot attach a $SERVICE_LONG to multiple $CLOUD_LONG $VPCs at the same time.

</Procedure>

</Tab>

<Tab title="On-premise">

<Procedure>

1. **Connect your infrastructure to AWS Transit Gateway**

>    Establish connectivity between your on-premise infrastructure and AWS. See the [official documentation][aws-onprem].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Establish connectivity between your on-premise infrastructure and AWS. See [Centralize network connectivity using AWS Transit Gateway][aws-onprem].
```
